Hello everyone, Vika is the channel
empire of dolls and fairy dolls and today is my
The review is dedicated to no monsters and
not even 2 and not 3 but the whole family of wills
consisting of four wolves
original set name and pack of
trouble which means a bunch of problems that
no wonder because when these cubs
werewolves get together they are and
strive to fool around the theme of this world
served in barber wulf on family
photo shoot box is very big on
front end there is a standard gear
monster high and the inscription monster high
The transparent part is short decorating you
what are you pattern with shards of vergas with
the left side is art by all
the set members look like this is one of
good frames there is also an emblem
Sets that 4 legs back side
there is also an inscription monster high and shard
werewolf to the left film funny
in shots where our werewolves look like
only can together our kind of not
turns straight kids tengri box
navy framed in cobweb frames
shards monster high photo is the same as
and on the front of the package only
wolf and located and further apart
it says the only thing that can
be harder taming our thick
tangled hair is make us do
serious facial expressions for common
family photos
rear box is not simple but the plot
cubs and chose a scenery in his
style the place looks like an old graveyard
around hooked trees in the distance
you can see the crypt among the misty clouds
shines full huge moon and of course
on the art which is on the bottom left you
can see dracula ru on which
it can be understood that she plays the role
Photographer composition with this includes 4 dolls
This is of course Claudia
Howlin Claudine and Claude By the way, you noticed
that you tried to dress in one
style also in this network can be noticed
what the younger werewolf the brighter it
skin start with the older sister code and
it comes out on an adult body and
relatively new character school
monsters and this is just the second release
by the way this is the first doll with an open
a smile
golden eyes makeup done
Smokey style Ice Smoky gray shadows
frame eyes under eyebrows shadows
golden color on lips gloss
honey-colored and and open smile
mounted hooks again
charms us earrings in this release
no but there is a way simple but stylish
black-rimmed hairdo and
stylish and strict at the same time it
high-tail hair color fleece public
last release yellow and touch hair
very very soft dressed wolf like
relies a 19 year old girl just but
with taste
striped black yellow cardigan and
red with three quarter sleeves
on the cardigan there is an imitation of cuts from
the claws behind the cardigan are lengthened and
Looks very stylish under the cardigan
put on a T-shirt without sleeves with very
stylish collar
there is a crossed print on it
The seed on the left hand is very
stylish bracelet of golden color
red shorts fashionable cut shape
remind flashlights print remind
ethnic african motifs
there is a marine strap on the shorts
Waves T-shirt and shorts go as
unitard on your feet laconic way of
beige lace-up studded shoes
high heels
despite the fact that these shoes are not
slot in the back
shooting is not easy enough baby
houlin younger sister released on
baby girl 's body amber eyes
make-up made by your favorite pink color
bright pink eye shadow around lipstick
fuchsia on the lips painted
small ear hooks without earrings
distinctive trait heryn curved ear
hairstyle is a cute elongated bob
hair is bright pink to the touch they are
tough since very heavily locked and
a short blouse is worn on lupus
black yellow stripe with a white collar
it also has
pink marks from the claws under the blouse
pink top without straps on which
Scarfed pink top
trousers stitched together on the right hand
there are three bracelets two pink
massive and one black kind of beads
blue pants with a print
footprints on the legs of the doll
black ankle boots decorated with buckles and
there are footprints on the sole
average q1 sis as always
stands out she loves helpers very much
way of life
amber eyes shadows around eyes
lilac under eyebrow golden
lipstick shades of bright pink on the lips
flaunt hooks spoon wolf there is
earrings two gold ring in one ears
and one little ring in another in the Clodines is thick
dark brown curls
lilac strands over forehead formed
high gilded bouffant on the shoulders
she-wolf black fur cape madly
soft and pleasant to the touch under it current
a strip of black and green on which
there is also a scratch is the same here
there is a white collar under the fur
the cape and the flood hid the elegant
lilac strapless dress with
leopard print
she is insanely beautiful on the board there
lilac mesh on the left hand wide
gold bracelet spiked on his feet
clarence chic gold sandals on
a platform
they like yesterday and gold ribbons but
Finally brother Claude Claude amber
eyes wide eyebrows eyes framed
brown lips flesh
brown on the lips of course
cookies the bulk of the hair is short and
performed using flock like his
double sideburns
between the large ears of a wolf for the look of a mohawk
Claude is dressed very simply polo shirt
striped black turquoise with white
collar on the shirt also
there is scratch cotton in long
gray shorts bottom tucked on
feet purple sneakers decorated
blue me scratch
Well that and laugh at this Sarnen Company
settle at home you decide the empire
dolls
and with you was vika channel empire of dolls
do not forget to subscribe to our channel
Follow our new reviews and
also do not forget to like
until